Help me, you want me to provoke Zhou Huaijin
The relationship with Wan Wan
Isn't that your appeal too?
Since our demands are the same
So why?
Can't cooperate?
Sorry, I don't need cooperation.
You are not interested
As long as you are willing to cooperate
I can give you whatever conditions Zhou Huaijin can give you
Xiao Yi
You will definitely come back for me
What's the matter? I'm preoccupied.
But when something happened to the Zhang family
I'm not by your side
I'm sorry for you
If I were more capable
You don't have to work so hard
Oh, it's over, didn't I say it all?
Forget it.
Remember this whistle?
7 years Zhou Huajie
It's time to end
Of course I remember.
Why do you keep him?
If only it were that easy to let go
I'm afraid if I throw him away
We're done
This time
You take it
What will happen in the future?
Will appear by your side
Su Qiyu, I changed my mind